To put all of this in context, let's walk through a few scenarios illustrating how you might actually use machine learning. Let's start with the example I've been using throughout this course, detecting credit card fraud. Suppose you have some number of credit card customers who are supplying their credit cards to some payment application. Maybe it's a point of sale terminal at a grocery store, and they're providing Visa or MasterCard. The challenge is to work out which of those transactions the application should reject because they're likely fraudulent. To do this, as we've seen, we could start with historical transaction data, run that through the machine learning process, and get a model that the application can call to make this decision. Simple, straightforward. Here's a slightly more complex scenario. Suppose your problem is predicting customer churn. Imagine that you're a mobile phone company, for example. You've got customers who call into a call center whose staff relies on some call center application. Now here's what you want to do. For each caller, you want the call center staff to be able to figure out how likely that customer is to churn, that is to switch to a competitor. There's real value here because you might offer a customer who's about to switch a better deal than one who's loyal. There's a real business value in doing this, and it might seem like magic. But in fact, machine learning can help with this, at least in some cases. For a mobile phone company, for example, they have lots of very detailed call data about their customers. Imagine that in this case that data is just too detailed, and so they create on application to aggregate it, and that application might use some big data technology like Hadoop or Spark or something else. The phone company might then combine this area to call data with other data, such as data from their CRM system to actually create the data that machine learning wants to use. That's very common. It's common to use data from different sources as input to the machine learning process. The result is a model that the call center application can use to make good estimations of whether or not a given customer is going to churn. This is a really example. Firms really do this today, and it has real value. It also illustrates another important thing, which is that machine learning is commonly used in concert with other data technologies. In this case, it's Hadoop or Spark, or something like that. There can be others as well. And here's one more scenario. Suppose you've got a bunch of devices, robots, thermostats, whatever, that generate lots of streaming data that's being handled by some kind of real time data processing software. That software is looking for anomalies or patterns that predict imminent failure. When it finds these things, it contacts some application, which then notifies business users to take action, such as performing proactive maintenance. Well, the obvious question is, how does that real‑time data processing software know what to look for? How can it tell when the device is about to fail, for example? Well, the answer could well be that you've got a historical database from the data these devices have produced already. You use that data as input to machine learning and create a model that the real‑time data processing software can use. Once again, a pragmatic solution to a very real problem that depends on good data and machine learning. There are many other ways that machine learning is used. For example, machine learning underlies the recommendation engines that you see in video sites, shopping sites, and so on. The software that recommends other things you might like if you've purchased this or watch this or whatever. Machine learning also underlies much of modern speech recognition. This wasn't true originally, but machine learning approaches turn out to be very effective at doing speech recognition. Similarly, machine learning underlies language translation, things like Google Translate. And one more important example is facial recognition. Machine learning is very good at creating software that recognizes faces. Now recall I mentioned earlier that machine learning can bring some serious ethical issues. This is an area where that's exactly true. Facial recognition, while very useful in some circumstances, can also be great for surveillance. And there are plenty of people who don't much like the idea of living in a country where that is ubiquitous. The point is, this approach to building software is incredibly useful. It has been, it is being used in all sorts of ways, expected to be used and lots more going forward.

