Let's look at the machine‑learning process in a little more detail. To start, you choose the data that you want to work with. You often are going to work with domain experts in the area to do this, people who know a lot about, say, transaction fraud, or robot failure detection, or whatever problem you're trying to solve. These are the ones who know what data is most likely to be predictive. But the data you start with, the raw data, is almost never in the right form. It has duplicates, it has missing data, it has extra stuff. Typically, you've got to apply some pre‑processing to that data, and machine‑learning products commonly provide a variety of data pre‑processing modules to do this. The result is some prepared data, data that's been worked on to be more appropriate as an input for machine learning. Do you do this just once? oh, no, you commonly iterate until the data is ready. The truth here is that in typical machine‑learning projects, you'll spend most of your time right here working on the data, getting it ready, getting it clean, getting it prepared. Once you have that data, you can then begin applying learning algorithms to the data. And again, machine‑learning products commonly provide a number of machine‑learning algorithms. The result of this is a model, but is that your final model, no, it's a candidate model. Is the first model you create the best one? Almost certainly not, and you can't know that until you produce several. And so once again, you illiterate. As I said before, this process is iterative. You do this until you have a model that you like, that you think is good enough to actually deploy. Once you deploy the model, applications can now make use of it. So, there's iteration at small levels, as you can see here, and there's also iteration at the largest level. You've got to repeat the entire process over and over. You've got to recreate your model regularly. Why is that? It's because the world changes, and so you need to keep your model up to date with reality. That might mean processing new data, or new algorithms, or something else, but recognize that you need to recreate your model regularly. This process is iterative at both small and large scales.