Why is machine learning so hot right now? Well, 

there are several reasons. A big one is that doing machine learning well requires lots of data, which more and more we have. 
We live in the big data era, right? It requires lots of compute power, which more and more we have. We live in the cloud era. 
And it requires effective machine learning algorithms, which more and more we have because we have seen researchers spend years,
decades, in this space learning what works. All of these things are now more available than ever, 
and that's a big reason why machine learning is so hot today. Who's interested in machine learning? Well,
you could think about three groups of people who care about this topic. The first is business leaders. 
They want solutions to business problems, things I've described so far, fraudulent transactions, 
deciding whether customers are going to switch or not, all these things. These are business problems. 
Good solutions have real business value. 
The other organizations do things faster, better, cheaper, and so business leaders really want those solutions. 
This is a good thing because business leaders also have the money to pay for those solutions. 
Very important. Software developers also care about this because they want to build better applications.
And, as we saw, applications can rely on models created in VM machine learning to make better predictions. 
   
   
If you're a software developer, machine learning can help you build smarter apps, 
even if you're not the one who creates the models. You can just use the models. 
   
   
And the third category of people who are really involved in this space are called data scientists who want powerful, 
easy‑to‑use tools. An obvious question here. What is a data scientist? 

The answer generally is it's someone who knows about three things, statistics, machine learning software, 
and how to write code typically, and 
ideally a problem domain, such as credit card transaction fraud or robot preventive maintenance or some other area.

There are key things to know about data scientists First, 
good ones are scarce. 
Second, unsurprisingly, good ones are expensive. 
And the reason is if you can solve important business problems with machine learning, you can save a lot of money. 
There's real business value there. 

And so good data scientists who know all three of these things, statistics, machine learning, and a problem domain, 
can have enormous value. That's why right now they command substantial salaries and are often hard to keep in your employ.
